My name is [private] and I am the owner of YEGROS EDUCATIONAL LLC
(DBA Conjuguemos). This letter is to notify you that someone has posted a
page via your service that has infringed on at least one copyright owned by
my company.

Link to copyrighted work that has been infringed: http://conjuguemos.com

Link to infringing material: 

https://gist.github.com/figitaki/8573687

This GitHub page that I wish to have taken down has code that seeks to hack
the files below by referring to variables and functions from my site that
can be found in these pages:

http://conjuguemos.com/javascript/conj.js

http://conjuguemos.com/javascript/vocabulary.js

This letter is official notification under Section 512(c) of the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the removal of the
aforementioned infringing material from your servers. I request that you
immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their
duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to
cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the
future.

Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to
remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this
notice. Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys immunity
from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to
investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service
providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material
this immunity is lost. Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a
copyright infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately
remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with
all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply
immediately.

I am providing this notice in good faith and with the reasonable belief
that rights my company owns are being infringed. Under penalty of perjury I
certify that the information contained in the notification is both true and
accurate, and I have the authority to act on behalf of the owner of the
copyright(s) involved.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.

Thank you.

[private]
