*I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Counter Notice.*

This is a DMCA counter notice for the following repositories:

- https://github.com/oh-my-fish/oh-my-fish

and forks:

- https://github.com/derekstavis/oh-my-fish

- https://github.com/jeremiejig/oh-my-fish

- https://github.com/tcoenraad/oh-my-fish

- https://github.com/Pyppe/oh-my-fish

- https://github.com/icyleaf/oh-my-fish

- https://github.com/coderstephen/oh-my-fish

- https://github.com/gretel/oh-my-fish

- https://github.com/joseluisq/oh-my-fish

- https://github.com/nwykes/oh-my-fish

- https://github.com/scorphus/oh-my-fish

- https://github.com/WandersonCF/oh-my-fish

- https://github.com/wk/oh-my-fish


The copy of the takedown request is here:
https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/2015-09-22-wahoo.md


The takedown request claims that these repositories have part of the
"wahoo" source code but this code was introduced by @bucaran on a Pull
Request. His Pull Request introduced a License change that was not
explicitly approved by all contributors and this change has been reverted.

Most of the files since the merge have already been totally modified and do
not have any similarity to the code that was merged. So if he wants to
remove the code that was added with his PR, he may do so by opening another
PR. Even so, the MIT license is permissive and allows for this kind of use:
http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

> On August 26, 2015, I, @bucaran, and "oh-my-fish" collaborators, led by
@bpinto, decided to replace the entire source code of "oh-my-fish!"

This is not true, which other collaborator has approved? We have over 50+
contributors on oh-my-fish and as far as I recall, none has approved (PR
has been deleted so I can't confirm).

> Soon after the merge and due to conflicts with @bpinto regarding the
direction of the project and other issues, we decided to not continue
working together and ended our relationship. I would return to "wahoo" and
@bpinto would return to the original "oh-my-fish", still available at

This is not true either. He moved the repository to his own private
organisation and then destroyed the repository. He said in a future message
that Github restored his destroyed repository.

I swear under the penalty of perjury that this information is accurate and
the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or
misidentification.

I consent to the to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the
judicial district of California to accept service of process from the
person who provided notification or their agent.

[PRIVATE]
