I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

Note that this is a revised request, per [GitHub]'s instructions.

Hello. I am [private] with IBM's Computer Security Incident
Response Team. IBM has been made aware that the Github page at
https://github.com/alokc83/codeGround contains source code and other data
that are proprietary to IBM and one or more IBM clients. The source code
and data were removed from the IBM network by a former employee and posted
to Github without authorization. This information is the intellectual
property of IBM and its clients. In addition, the public exposure of this
information raises significant security concerns. The specific pages that
contain the proprietary data are:

https://github.com/alokc83/codeGround/tree/master/MTDSM
https://github.com/alokc83/codeGround/tree/master/Mic Proj
https://github.com/alokc83/codeGround/tree/master/perl-scripts
https://github.com/alokc83/codeGround/tree/master/perldev
https://github.com/alokc83/codeGround/tree/master/imp micron Unix cmd.txt
https://github.com/alokc83/codeGround/tree/master/maProj

IBM requests that these pages be removed from Github immediately and that
the source code and other information made available through these page be
deleted from all Github servers, workstations, backups, and other media.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright
owner, or its agent, or the law. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that
the information in this notification is accurate and that I am authorized
to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly
infringed. The copyright owner, Micron Technology, has requested that IBM
act on its behalf for the express purpose of requesting Micronâ€™s
repository be removed from the Github website.

Please respond to me to confirm that the page has been taken down and the
stored data has been deleted. If you have any questions, please do not
hesitate to contact me.

Thanks.
[private]

[private]
