*DELIVERED VIA EMAIL*

copyright@github.com

support@github.com

Re: Official DMCA Take Down Notification from Nielsen Norman Group

To Whom It May Concern:

My name is [private] and I work with Nielsen Norman Group. The
purpose for my correspondence today is to notify you that the GitHub
website is infringing upon at least one copyright owned by Nielsen Norman
Group. I am providing this notice in good faith and with the reasonable
belief that the rights my company owns are being infringed upon. Under
penalty of perjury I certify that the information contained in the
notification is both true and accurate, and I have the authority to act on
behalf of the owner of the copyright(s) involved.

The copyrighted material, the "Credibility and Persuasive Web Design"
course slides, was copied onto the GitHub servers without permission by
tylerwalters <https://github.com/tylerwalters> and it is visible to the
public. The unauthorized and infringing downloadable copy can be found at
https://github.com/tylerwalters/webdevnotes/blob/master/Credibility%20and%20Persuasive%20Web%20Design.md.

This letter is an official notification under Section 512(c) of the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”). Please remove the "Credibility
and Persuasive Web Design" content from your servers and your website
today. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice
and have attached our slides that prove the content belongs to Nielsen
Norman Group. The password to access the slides is [private]. I can also
confirm that he attended our Usability Week 2104 San Francisco conference
and attended the Credibility and Persuasive Web Design course which listed
on his UX Certificate here:
[private].  

Kindly reply to this message within 48 hours to confirm the take down
action is complete. Thank you very much for your time and your prompt
attention to this matter.

Sincerely yours,

[private]

Nielsen Norman Group

Telephone: *[private]*

Website: www.nngroup.com
