I have read and understand GitHub’s Guide to Filing a DMCA notice.

I am contacting you on behalf of CD PROJEKT S.A.

CD PROJEKT S.A. is globally known as the creator and owner of “The Witcher”
series, which have together sold over 11 million copies in the world,
received high critical and grassroots acclaim, and garnered over 200 awards
and accolades. Owing to this success CD PROJEKT S.A. has become one of the
most respected videogame development studios in the world, establishing a
reputation for keen attention to user feedback. “The Witcher” brand may be
viewed as a well-known mark internationally.

Furthermore, CD PROJEKT S.A. also owns copyright to the “Gwent” card game,
which is a part of “The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt” video game (see:
http://en.cdprojektred.com/news/lets-talk-gwent/). The physical cards for
“Gwent” were a part of Xbox One collector edition of “The Witcher 3: Wild
Hunt” and “The Wither 3: Hearts of Stone” Expansion Pack.

In general, we do not have anything against creation of fan work, and we
highly appreciate the dedication and creativity of our fans. However,
“Gwent” was created intentionally as a part of “The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt”.
Should we ever decide to have also a standalone multiplayer version of
“Gwent”, we would like it to come from our studio.

We have noticed, that GitHub user exane (https://github.com/exane) has
posted a standalone multiplayer version of “Gwent” card game, which
includes copyrighted material exclusively owned by CD PROJEKT S.A. Here is
a link to the aforementioned content:

https://github.com/exane/gwent

The aforementioned project was forked by multiple users. This notice,
including the following statements and requests, applies also to the
following forks:  
https://github.com/alperozcetin/gwent  
https://github.com/AnarkyPL/gwent  
https://github.com/aquestion/gwent  
https://github.com/beco1/gwent  
https://github.com/beetaa/gwent  
https://github.com/boxu2104/gwent  
https://github.com/CrazeeIvan/gwent  
https://github.com/deasek/gwent  
https://github.com/Deshke/gwent  
https://github.com/edulun/gwent  
https://github.com/ellozoid/gwent  
https://github.com/Foonk/gwent  
https://github.com/gaofeiyu/gwent  
https://github.com/Gwent-con/gwent  
https://github.com/JackJordan17/gwent  
https://github.com/massayoshi/gwent  
https://github.com/mathesonian/gwent  
https://github.com/Metalxead/gwent  
https://github.com/nft/gwent  
https://github.com/NosekAdrian/gwent  
https://github.com/Razzak20/gwent  
https://github.com/rodikh/gwent  
https://github.com/saveman/gwent  
https://github.com/SCAR3Crxw/gwent  
https://github.com/sylvanknave/gwent  
https://github.com/tianlongwang/gwent  
https://github.com/tweiss84/gwent  
https://github.com/un0x/gwent  

As a representative of CD PROJEKT S.A., I have a good faith belief that the
disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the
law. Therefore,* I request you to immediately disable these repositories*.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

Please send at my e-mail address noted below a prompt reply regarding
actions you have taken to resolve the issue.

Regards,
[private]

[private]
LEGAL ASSISTANT

[private]
[private]

CD PROJEKT S.A.
[private]
[private]

