September 23, 2015

Via Email Only  
<copyright@github.com>

GitHub, Inc.  
Attn: DMCA Agent  
88 Colin P Kelly Jr. St  
San Francisco, CA. 94107  

Re: DMCA Removal Request

To the Person of Greatest Authority:

On behalf of GitHub, Inc. (“GitHub”), you are hereby given notice valid
under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) infringement notification
requirements as set forth at 17 U.S.C. § 512 that there is material hosted
on GitHub’s servers that violates my client’s intellectual property rights.
Demand is hereby formally made that this material be disabled from public
display.

I am the designated agent for Vibe Media, Inc. (“Vibe Media”), operators of
a leading online adult directory website. I am authorized by Vibe Media to
send this notice.

The offending content violating my client’s copyright can be found at the
following url:

https://github.com/vladkrasovsky/framework

This is proprietary source code for Vibe Media’s website, cityvibe.com. The
source code accessible at the above link was created and is owned by Vibe
Media, and my client has not authorized its public dissemination.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.

On behalf of Vibe Media, I demand that upon receipt of this notification,
you expeditiously remove or disable access to the above claimed infringing
material.

I certify under penalty of perjury that I have a good faith belief that the
information contained in this notification is accurate to the best of my
knowledge and that I am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an
exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Although this notice complies with the notice and take down procedures set
forth at 17 U.S.C. § 512(c) or other subsections of Title 17, it should not
be construed as an admission that your company is, indeed, eligible for the
safe harbor provisions set forth therein. Repeat infringers, both hosting
companies and the websites they host, may lose their safe harbor
eligibility due to repeated and flagrant disregard for copyright laws. Web
hosts may lose their DMCA safe harbor protections if they insist on
harboring repeat infringers.

Under the subpoena provisions of 17 U.S.C. § 512(h) or other legal process,
my client may seek identifying information for the individuals responsible
for posting these infringing works, including without limitation, time
stamped IP addresses for each of the individuals. Therefore, my client
requests that your client preserve any and all information relating to the
publishing of this material. Your client should maintain all files,
computer code, and other records relating to these individuals and that
corresponding forum where the infringements were discovered.

This notice does not constitute a waiver of any of the copyright owner’s
legal rights or remedies in this or any other matter, all of which are
hereby fully and expressly reserved.

Your immediate attention to this matter is expected. Please inform me when
this demand has been complied with so that I may re-inspect the site for
compliance.

Sincerely,

[PRIVATE]
