*To whom it may concern,*

*I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice and am
hereby submitting a complaint on behalf of my company, Duby, LLC
(www.duby.co). As [private] I have had
some tough times with developers. Most recently, I let one go after several
days of not accomplishing tasks as a contract developer. He has since
attempted to extort me and has now published our Apple iOS source code
publicly on github and google drive (already successfully removed via DMCA
complaint filed today).*

*We never gave permission to the individual to post our code. He explicitly
signed both and NDA and Transfer of I.P. agreement prior to commencing any
work with us and was then given access to our source code. Our complaints
with [private] resulted in his account being suspended and this developer
is attacking us by publishing our source code.*

*This is the location of the unauthorized source code publication:*
https://github.com/upworkmobileguru/duby

The user that published this code must remove it immediately and delete all
references to the content in question. There are no parts of what was
published that are to be made public and should be removed entirely.

The alleged infringer is named [private], from [private].
[private]

*I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.*

*I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.*

*Regards,*

[private]

T: [private] | M: [private]

E: [private]

W: www.duby.co

