To Whom It May Concern:

My name is [private] and I am the [private] of Plumrocket Inc.

*I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.*

A software that your company hosts is infringing on at least one copyright
owned by our company. Our software (magento extension) was copied onto your
servers and distributed without permission.

*The original software, to which we own the exclusive copyrights, can be
found at following URL’s:*

https://store.plumrocket.com/magento-extensions/banner-pro-magento-extension.html

*The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at:*

https://github.com/NewHospitals/plumrocket_banner_pro-1.0.0

(All of the content at the above URL infringes our copyrights)

*Here is one of the files with our licensing information:*

https://github.com/NewHospitals/plumrocket_banner_pro-1.0.0/blob/master/app/code/community/Plumrocket/Bannerpro/Controller/Adminhtml.php

*Here is the page of the infringer on GitHub:*

https://github.com/NewHospitals

This letter is official notification under *Section 512(c)*
<http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512> of the *Digital
Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”)*, and I seek the removal of the
aforementioned infringing material from your servers. I request that you
immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their
duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to
cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the
future.

Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to
remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this
notice. Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys immunity
from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to
investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service
providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material
this immunity is lost. Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a
copyright infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately
remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with
all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply
immediately.

*I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the
information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright
owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive
right that is allegedly infringed.*

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.

Thank you.

SIGNATURE: [private]

Our contact information:

[private]

Plumrocket Inc

244 Fifth Avenue, Suite L245

New York, N.Y. 10001

[private]
