Dear Sir/Madam,

I represent the French company DEEZER SA, trading internationally under the
name and trademark DEEZER, registration number n° 511 716 573 with
registered offices at 12 rue d’Athènes 75009 Paris, France  
[private]

Our company offers, since 2012, an international online music on demand
service, through free and paying services (the “Deezer Services”), with a
formidable presence on the Internet and has acquired renown in the music
industry and among Internet users.

Our company owns or is the licensee of the intellectual property in,
notably, of the Deezer Services, the Deezer trademarks, the website
www.deezer.com and the corresponding mobile application "Deezer" available
under iOS, Android and Windows systems. The Deezer Services as made
available on the above mentioned website and mobile application, as well as
our computer systems, servers and network are protected by extremely high
level encryption.  
Amongst other things, security is set so as to prohibit any other use than
those stipulated in our Terms and Conditions (
http://www.deezer.com/legal/c
gu). Is prohibited notably the unauthorised download of music tracks.

The following projects make available hacked versions of our Deezer
application by describing methods to bypass
Deezer's security measures to unlawfully download its music catalogue, in
total violation of our rights and of the rights of our music licensors
(phonographic producers, performing artists, songwriters and composers):  
https://github.com/browserkit/deezer-decoder  
https://github.com/IngaBorg/Deezable  
https://github.com/HoLLy-HaCKeR/DeezSharp  
https://github.com/Dedsec1/AthamePlugin.Deezer  
https://github.com/Mizos/TuneupBackend  
https://github.com/antoineFrau/A-RMADA  
https://github.com/XavBX/deezloadr  
https://github.com/javierppe13/DeezLoader-Reborn  
https://github.com/ZeusNB/deezloader  
https://github.com/wallyrider/Deezloader_rpi  
https://github.com/Crashy23/deezloader-app  
https://github.com/L2tec/DownMusic  
https://github.com/LechatGris/Deezloader_Fr  
https://github.com/partytoni/deezloader-128kbps  
https://github.com/partytoni/deezloader-320kbps  
https://github.com/DatCrazyDelphox/DeezLoader-Alternate  
https://github.com/CesarChris710/deezloader-app  
https://github.com/BNFCTR/Deez  
https://github.com/WiliRodin/DD  
https://github.com/SDMU/DeezLoadr  

I therefore ask that you immediately take down the projects corresponding
to
the URLs above and all of the related forks by others members who
contributed or even had access to such projects.

The above is a brief description of the violations at stake, and is not

meant to be a complete statement of our company's prejudice, rights and
remedies in connection with the subject matter of this email. All such
rights and remedies are expressly reserved, including the rights and
remedies of our licensors.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

I look forward hearing from you promptly.

Sincerely,

[private]

[private]  
12 rue d'Athènes, 75009 PARIS, FRANCE  
[private]  
<http://www.deezer.com/>
