Are you the owner of the content that has been disabled, or authorized to
act on the owner’s behalf?

This is just fork of publicly available repository licensed under GPL
license:  
https://github.com/dex4er/drpdecompress

What files were taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if the
entire repository, the repository’s URL:

https://github.com/bsoja/drpdecompress

Do you want to make changes to your repository or do you want to dispute
the notice?

I want to dispute the notice.

Is there anything else you think we should know about why you believe the
material was removed as a result of a mistake? (optional)

Please take a look at original repo and their counter notice:  
https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/2018/2018-07-13-Pelock-CounterNotice.md

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty
of perjury, that I have a good-faith belief that the material was removed
or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material
to be removed or disabled."

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good-faith belief that the
material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or
misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled."

Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I consent to the
jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which
my address is located (if in the United States, otherwise the Northern
District of California where GitHub is located), and I will accept service
of process from the person who provided the DMCA notification or an agent
of such person."

I consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial
district in which my address is located (if in the United States, otherwise
the Northern District of California where GitHub is located), and I will
accept service of process from the person who provided the DMCA
notification or an agent of such person.

Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA
Counter Notice: https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-
a-dmca-counter-notice/

I confirm.

So that the complaining party can get back to you, please provide both your
telephone number and physical address:

[private]

mail: [private]

[private]

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:

[private]
