To whom it may concern:

My name is [private] and I am [private] at CodeHS
[private]. A website that your company hosts is
violating the CodeHS Terms of Use <http://codehs.com/terms>.

“These Terms of Use permit you to use the Website for your personal,
non-commercial use only. You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create
derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish,
download, store or transmit any of the material on our Website, except that
you may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the
Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further
reproduction, publication or distribution.”

This website is posting solutions from CodeHS onto your servers without
permission. According the Terms of Use, “The Website and its entire
contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all
information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the
design, selection and arrangement of the Website), are owned by CodeHS.”

The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at:  
https://github.com/06568/Codehs-Breakout

This github post also violates the CodeHS Acceptable Use and Conduct, which
states you must not, “Post or share answers to CodeHS assignments or
activities on any external website, online forum, social media platform, or
other publicly-accessible electronic means."

I am providing this notice in good faith and with the reasonable belief
that rights my company owns are being infringed. Under penalty of perjury I
certify that the information contained in the notification is both true and
accurate, and I have the authority to act on behalf of the owner of the
copyright(s) involved.

I hereby request that you remove or disable access to this material as it
appears on your service in as expedient a fashion as possible.

If you have questions, please contact me directly at [private] or at
[private].

*I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.*

Thank you,  
[private]

[private] 
[private], CodeHS  
[private] | www.codehs.com
