**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s
behalf?**

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work
that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it
is posted online.**

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if
the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**

Repo URL - https://github.com/r4p3-iooi/artifactory-injector

Please note that as of the date of this email there are 7 listed
forks of this repo (please see detailed list below), these should be
removed as well.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

https://github.com/fabadja/artifactory-injector  
https://github.com/hectormartin42/artifactory-injector  
https://github.com/javaqube/artifactory-injector  
https://github.com/sbkim/artifactory-injector  
https://github.com/vivovai/artifactory-injector  
https://github.com/vtanh/artifactory-injector  
https://github.com/zoharad/artifactory-injector  

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open
source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the
open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

JFrog Artifactory is licensed as a commercial products under the terms of
the Artifactory EULA (link: https://jfrog.com/artifactory/eula/), there is
also an OS version licensed under AGPL3. The issue for this notice is an
infringement of the closed source version.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there
specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Best solution would be immediate removal of this License Crack.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please
provide it:**

To the best of our knowledge – source is here:  
[private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith
belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the
infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its
agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty
of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that
I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner,
of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA
Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone
number or physical address:**

[private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
