**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's
behalf?**

Yes. I am [private] of Sage Technologies.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work
that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it
is posted online.**

After another repo containing the same data from this user was taken down,
[private] took upon himself to replace the private license with a public
one. He seems to not understand nor grasp that any code done for a
company’s product is considered company code. In addition, he leaked the
idea to the public in a failed attempt to sabotage the product we’re
launching. This user left the company in October and leaked his portion of
the code on December 6th, 2017. As such, in the repositories ReadMe, my
name is included. I never gave this user permission to post this publically
nor do I give him permission to post it now or in the future.

His attempts to make it seem like he can code and build up his profile by
leaking and sabotaging Sage Technologies work is quite pathetic. Unethical
at most. To any employers that see this, know what you’re getting yourself
into before hiring him. His actions are what caused his problems. He’ll
probably post your private code too if he storms off and leaves.

Actual one: [private]

Leaked one: https://github.com/Jeamz/Droplet

To set the record straight, we don’t use his code and it has been declared
deprecated. However, it’s still ours by law. Before the release of this
product, I want to get this matter solved first. I suggest this user stops
posting company code publically before matters get worse.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if
the entire repository, the repository's URL:**

https://github.com/Jeamz/Droplet

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**

No forks were found in our search.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open
source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the
open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**

Sage Technologies LLC uses github as a way to store our files securely. No
one has access to these files but our employees including myself. In
addition, it’s stored under a private license which this user removed and
replaced with a public one. Bud, that’s illegal.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there
specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**

Simple one. Stop posting the code, the idea and repository online.

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please
provide it:**

Username: Jeamz

Profile: https://github.com/Jeamz

Full Name: [private]

Address: [private]

Email: [private]

Phone Number: [private]

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith
belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the
infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its
agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty
of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that
I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner,
of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA
Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**

I formally confirm that I have read Github's guide to Submitting a DMCA
Takedown Notice.  
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone
number or physical address:**

Number: [private]

Address: [private]

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**

[private]
