I have re-submitted a DMCA takedown notice regarding the Skylable
copyrighted work. A copy of the submitted information is below.

**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s
behalf?**  

Attorney of record for the copyright owner with authorization to act on the
copyright owner's behalf.

**Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work
that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where it
is posted online.**  

All software owned, developed, or being developed, including but not
limited to, the following: SX - SX is the core object store; LibreS3 -
front side adapter deamon that makes the core cluster S3 compatible;
SXSwift - Swift protocol translator for dropping SX into Openstack
environments; SXDesktop - Desktop Synch and Share Client (windows, mac,
linux); SXWeb - File Browser; SXDrive for Android- Android device client;
SXDrive for IOS - IOS device client; SXShare - Object Link Generator for
Core Cluster; SXConsole - GUI admin tool for core cluster; SXRumble -
Stress test tool; SClient - Python library for core cluster functions;
S3import - boto/python tool for relocatig S3 resident content to SX;
SXMigration - Virtual Machine Migration Method; SXCyber - Skylable
Cybersecurity; and Derivative works and modifications of the above-listed
software.

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if
the entire repository, the repository’s URL:**  

Skylable 's copyrighted work is being shared through the following urls and
repositories and needs to be immediately removed:

https://github.com/sx-mirror/libres3  
https://github.com/sx-mirror/sx  
https://github.com/mplx/skylable-sx-php  
https://github.com/skylable/devops2014  
https://github.com/wdv4758h/sx  
https://github.com/skylable/docker-sx  
https://github.com/skylable/sxconsole-lite  
https://github.com/skylable/docker-sxweb  
https://github.com/skylable/docker-libres3  
https://github.com/skylable/docker-sxmonitor  
https://github.com/skylable/deploy-sx  
https://github.com/skylable/destroy-sx  
https://github.com/skylable/sxswift  
https://github.com/skylable/docker-sxconsole-graphite  
https://github.com/skylable/devops2014  

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

See list of URLs provided above.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open
source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the
open source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

The works and their derivatives are only available under private license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there
specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

Immediate removal of all Skylable Software and abstain from any future
posting or use, along with immediately forwarding assurances that you have
done so, accompanied by proof thereof.

**Do you have the alleged infringer’s contact information? If so, please
provide it:**  

See information provided above.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith
belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the
infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its
agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."**  

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

**Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under penalty
of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that
I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner,
of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."**  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

**Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a DMCA
Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/**  
  
Confirmed.

**So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone
number or physical address:**  

[private]  
STRANG, SCOTT, GIROUX & YOUNG, LLP  
6 Beacon Street  
Suite 305  
Boston, MA 02108  
[private]  
[private]  

**Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:**  

[private]  

