Dear [private],

I am the [private] of TOONSLAB LTD (“TOONSLAB”), a provider of online games,
and submit this claim on its behalf.

This claim relates to the projects at:

https://github.com/OpenGraal/GServer-v2

https://github.com/OpenGraal/OpenGraal.RemoteControl-cs

https://github.com/OpenGraal/gs2emu-googlecode

https://github.com/OpenGraal/OpenGraal.Common-cs

https://github.com/OpenGraal/OpenGraal.Common.Interfaces-cs

https://github.com/OpenGraal/OpenGraal.Core-cs

https://github.com/OpenGraal/OpenGraal.Core-cs

https://github.com/OpenGraal/OpenGraal.NpcServer-cs

https://github.com/OpenGraal/OpenGraal.Common.Scripting-cs

https://github.com/OpenGraal/RemoteControl-v1

https://github.com/OpenGraal/GraalServerListDumper

https://github.com/OpenGraal/ServerList-v2

https://github.com/OpenGraal/NpcServer-v1

https://github.com/OpenGraal/GServer-v1

https://github.com/OpenGraal/serverlist-v3

which contains files relating to OpenGraal, an unauthorized server emulator
relating to TOONSLAB's Graalonline computer game.

TOONSLAB is the owner of the Graalonline computer game, including the
copyright in the Graalonline software code, characters and all other
content and related images. See http://www.graalonline.com. These
copyrights cover the software code (in source and object format), story
elements, characters, items, audiovisual elements, and other aspects of the
game. I am also the owner of U.S. Registration No. 77288079 in the United
States for its GRAALONLINE trademark, in addition to other registrations
worldwide.

The user at https://github.com/OpenGraal is operating a server emulator
that provides access to unauthorized copies, and modified versions of,
TOONSLAB’s Graalonline computer game.

1) These actions constitute direct and indirect infringement in violation
of the Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 501 et seq., and unlawful circumvention
and trafficking in circumvention devices in violation of the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”), 17 U.S.C. § 1201, et seq.

2) Section 17 U.S.C. 1201, the anti-circumvention provisions of the DMCA,
prohibits circumvention of “technological protection measures” that
“effectively control access” to copyrighted works. Graalonline computer
games are using proprietary encryption to control access to copyrighted
materials.

a) The OpenGraal software circumvent the technological protection and
allows access to copyrighted materials contains in the Graalonline client.
See
https://github.com/OpenGraal/GServer-v2/blob/master/server/src/CEncryption.cpp

b) The OpenGraal software give instruction (clientcrack.txt) to patch the
proprietary Graalonline game client to circumvent technology protection
measures:
https://github.com/OpenGraal/GServer-v2/blob/9bcf602f82ffe67fac2d025fd5c1781b0057d215/docs/clientcrack.txt

The statements in this Notice are accurate, and I am authorized to act on
behalf of TOONSLAB. This use of TOONSLAB’s intellectual property is not
authorized by TOONSLAB, its agents or the law. Such use infringes
TOONSLAB's rights in its copyrighted software and other game content and
infringes TOONSLAB's rights in its registered marks, in violation of the
Copyright Act and other applicable laws.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

I have read your Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice//
.

Sincerely,

[private]

[private]  

Phone: [private]  

http://www.toonslab.com  

https://www.facebook.com/graalonlineclassic/

[private]  
