Dear Sir or Madam:

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Counter
Notice. I consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the
judicial district in which my address is located (if in the United
States, otherwise the Northern District of California where GitHub is
located), and I will accept service of process from the person who
provided the DMCA notification or an agent of such person. I swear,
under penalty of perjury, that I have a good-faith belief that the
material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or
misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.

The location of the disputed content is located at
https://github.com/hockeymikey/Fluid-MC-Stats, a personal fork of user
ZacharyDuBois's project
(https://github.com/DevelopGravity/Fluid-MC-Stats). My personal fork of
the project is intented to be used personally with my server I use it
for. This can be seen in the edited source adding personal
modifications like an image from the server for a page background. I
have no intent on redistributing the modified project as seen from it's
heavily personalized state. The branches scope is aimed at my server
only and any usage by other individuals would be found unappealing due
to the personalized nature. I have not shared my branch with anyone nor
sent them the files which I would've done if I had intent to redistribute.

I wish for my personal information be kept confidential and private from
other parties involved in this matter.

Name: [private]  
Email: [private]  
Phone: [private]  
Address: [private]  

Sincerely,

[private]
