GitHub Staff,

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

The following repositories violate copyright on intellectual property that
I own, namely Clockwork and Schemas:

The copyrighted work at issue is the ('gamemode', 'schema') 'Clockwork'
created by Cloud Sixteen ( Copyright Certificate: http://cloudsixteen.com/
copyright.pdf ) ( http://CloudSixteen.com

The purpose of this fork is to bypass digital rights management systems in
place to prevent the loading and use of the software without a license.

The project includes two binary (.dll) modules, one for Windows and onefor
Linux. The project itself contains encrypted code, so that when the
projectis ran, the modules authenticate the user by their inputted serial
key, which is then

sent to our servers. Once the user has been authenticated successfully the
code isdecrypted and then re-encrypted with a unique one-time key and sent
back to the clientwhich is then decrypted once more using that one-time key
and executed.

They must take down the repository completely as Clockwork is intellectual
property of Cloud Sixteen, and they have not been given permission to
distribute this version that contains methods to bypass our digital rights
management.

The repositories where our copyrighted material is hosted (and contains
method to illegally bypass 'crack' the software) at the following locations:

https://github.com/Zonnus/osClockwork

You can reach me at [Private] for further information or
clarification. My phone number is [Private] and my
mailing address is [Private], [Private], [Private], [Private], [Private].

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its
agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification
is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on
behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

[Private]
November 12, 2017 [06:08]

