*Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright
owner's behalf?*

I am authorized to act on behalf of Odoo SA, the copyright owner.

*Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted
work that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to
where it is posted online.*

The proprietary source code of Odoo Enterprise, from the following
private repository:

https://github.com/odoo/enterprise/

*What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file,
or if the entire repository, the repository's URL:*

This entire repository is a complete copy of the copyrighted code, and
published without permission:

https://github.com/genuineaffairs/oee

The following repository is a mix of our proprietary and open source code

https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati

For instance the directory https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account is a copy of the open source code https://github.com/odoo/odoo/tree/9.0/addons/account (which is fine)

but the code in https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account_bank_statement_import_ofx is a copy of the proprietary code
https://github.com/odoo/enterprise/tree/9.0/account_bank_statement_import_ofx

(which should be removed).

Below the list of addons copied from the https://github.com/odoo/enterprise/ repository:

https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account_bank_statement_import_ofx  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account_bank_statement_import_qif  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account_batch_deposit  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account_contract_dashboard  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account_deferred_revenue  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account_extension  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account_online_sync  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account_plaid  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account_reports_followup  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account_sepa  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/account_yodlee  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/crm_voip  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/currency_rate_live  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/delivery_dhl  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/delivery_fedex  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/delivery_temando  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/delivery_ups  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/delivery_usps  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/hr_appraisal  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/hr_holidays_gantt  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/inter_company_rules  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_ar_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_at_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_be_coda  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_be_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_bo_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_br_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_ch_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_cl_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_co_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_de_skr03_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_de_skr04_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_do_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_es_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_et_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_fr_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_gr_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_hr_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_hu_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_in_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_jp_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_lu_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_ma_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_multilang_report  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_nl_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_no_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_pl_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_ro_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_sg_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_si_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_th_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_uk_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_us_check_printing  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_uy_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/l10n_vn_reports  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/mass_mailing_themes  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/pos_blackbox_be  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/pos_loyalty  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/print  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/print_docsaway  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/print_sale  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/project_forecast  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/project_timesheet_synchro  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/sale_contract  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/sale_contract_asset  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/sale_ebay  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/stock_barcode  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/voip  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/web  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/web_gantt  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/website_contract  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/website_crm_score  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/website_enterprise  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/website_form_editor  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/website_portal_followup  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/website_sign  
https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati/tree/master/openerp/addons/website_version

*Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be
identified separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have
it taken down.*

Yes I have searched for forks, and could not find any.
However, both repositories are forks of previous infringements:

https://github.com/genuineaffairs/oee is a fork of
https://github.com/azenned/oee (taken down, see
https://github.com/github/dmca/blob/master/2016/2016-10-25-Odoo.md )

https://github.com/genuineaffairs/odoo9_pizzati is a fork of
https://github.com/aymenrahmaniisims/odoo9_pizzati (removed after we
contacted the author).

*Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open
source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under
the open source license, or are they in violation of the license?*

No, this work is normally licensed under a proprietary license, the
Odoo Enterprise Edition License v1.0 (but published without
authorization):

https://github.com/odoo/enterprise/blob/9.0/LICENSE

*What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are
there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?*

Taking down the whole repositories is the only solution.

*Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so,
please provide it:*

We do not know who the infringer is.

The account https://github.com/genuineaffairs is only composed of
forks without any contact information.

*Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good
faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on
the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or
its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."*

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration.

*Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under
penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is
accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on
behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."*

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that
is allegedly infringed.

*Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a
DMCA Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/*

I have read the guide carefully.

*So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone
number or physical address:*

My mobile phone number is [Private]

*Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:*

[Private]
