Hello,

I am writing this email to report a case of copyright violation. The
codebase is hosted in a private GitLab server, and the attachment function
in your DMCA report form seems to be broken.

**Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's
behalf?**  

- I am Parcel Perform's employee and authorized to act on my company
behalf.

**What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:**  

- https://github.com/RubyHome/PP_Scraper

**What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or if
the entire repository, the repository's URL:**  

- The whole project was stolen from us. We believe the repo owner's
might be one of the freelancers we commissioned before. A copy of the
latest codebase is attached.

**Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken down.**  

- I have, there is apparently no other fork of this project available on
GitHub.

**Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open source
license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the open
source license, or are they in violation of the license?**  

- The project is private and not licensed under any open source license.

**What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there
specific changes the other person can make other than removal?**  

- No

**Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please
provide it:**  

- Unfortunate, no.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

[private]

[private]  
[private]  
[private]  

Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:
[private]

[Private]
