Dear GitHub Copyright Agent,            October 30, 2017  

I previously sent you a request to remove proprietary and copyrighted
material belonging to Cambridge Mobile, Ltd. (“Cambridge”).  I have
found an additional copy of the same material and request that it also
be taken down.  There has not been any response from [private] who
has falsely attributed my source code to himself.  

Federal law requires expeditious removal of the infringing material or
liability accrues for the failure to remove the material.  I renew my
request that the proprietary and copyrighted material belonging to
Cambridge be removed.  

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

[1] I am a person injured, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of a
person injured by a violation of the U.S. Copyright laws, in particular
section 501 of Title 17 of the United States Code, commonly referred to
as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or "DMCA";

[2] I May Be Contacted At:

Name of Injured Party : Cambridge Mobile, Ltd.  

Name and Title: [private]  

Company: Cambridge Mobile, Ltd.  

Address: [private]  

City, State, and Zip: [private]  

Email address: [private]  

Telephone: [private]  

[3] I have a good faith belief that the user-posted repositories
identified by the URLs below are unlawful because, among other issues,
the content constitutes unauthorized copying and distribution of
portions of Cambridge's World Bench, constitutes confidential
information, and a violation of the copyright. Although the file,
com_svox_picottsengine.cpp, bears an attribution to [private] in
2009, it contains copyrighted source code written earlier by me and
licensed to Cambridge.  I am the author of the claimed work and no
portion of this work was assigned, licensed or transferred to [private].  Accordingly, the content infringes Cambridge’s rights under the
federal copyright laws, including the DMCA and Copyright Act. I have
read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.  

[4] Reason:

Content Type: World Bench  

Violation(s): Copyright Infringement  

[5] Please act expeditiously to remove the content found at the
following repositories and related forks:  
https://github.com/Smanar/Pico2play/blob/master/pico/bin/pico2play.c  

[6] I have a good faith belief that the distribution of the content
listed above is not authorized by law; and  

[7] Under penalty of perjury, I swear that the information in this
notice is accurate.  

Thank you for your kind assistance.  

Truthfully,  

/s/ [private], Cambridge Mobile, Ltd.
