1.Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright
owner's behalf? yes  

2.Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work
that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where
it is posted online.www.t4c.com, www.the4thcoming.com, t4cbible.com 

3.What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or
if the entire repository, the repository's
URL: https://github.com/BlackFury/Server  
https://github.com/BlackFury/Client  
that's 1.68 clinet/server  
https://github.com/elestranobaron/T4C2TnC  
https://github.com/elestranobaron/4t4c  
https://github.com/markin/Client  
https://github.com/markin/Server  
https://github.com/PandiPanda69/t4c-server  
[private]   
https://github.com/elestranobaron/T4cClientMultiplateformes  
https://github.com/elestranobaron/T4cClientMultiplateformes  
https://github.com/PoPoWanObi/T4CNextGen-Client  
https://github.com/synoga/t4c  

4.Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken
down.yes  

5.Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open
source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the
open source license, or are they in violation of the license? this
product does not have open source project source code is not for public
use.  

6.What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are
there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?
this is intellectual property removal is a must.  

7.Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please
provide it: no  

8.I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration. yes  

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed. yes  

Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a
DMCA Takedown Notice:  
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/

yes  
Mailing address:  
[private]  
Telephone number:   
[private]
