Dear Sir/Madam,

I represent the French company DEEZER SA, trading internationally under
the name and trademark DEEZER, registration number n° 495 246 308 with
registered offices at 12 rue d’Athènes 75009 Paris, France.

Our company offers, since 2012, an international online music on demand
service, through free and paying services (the “Deezer Services”), with a
formidable presence on the Internet and has acquired renown in the music
industry and among Internet users.

Our company owns or is the licensee of the intellectual property in,
notably, of the Deezer Services, the Deezer trademarks, the website
www.deezer.com and the corresponding mobile application "Deezer"
available under iOS, Android and Windows systems. The Deezer Services as
made available on the above mentioned website and mobile application, as
well as our computer systems, servers and network are protected by
extremely high level encryption.

Amongst other things, security is set so as to prohibit any other use than
those stipulated in our Terms and Conditions (
http://www.deezer.com/legal/cgu). Is prohibited notably the unauthorised
download of music tracks.

The following projects, in the paragraph below, make available a hacked
version of our Deezer application or a method to unlawfully download the
music catalogue of Deezer, in total violation of our rights and of the
rights of our music licensors (phonographic producers, performing artists,
songwriters and composers):

https://github.com/Cartmanishere/Deezloader ; 

https://github.com/dailory98/Deezloader ; 

https://github.com/Appex213/Deezerloader ;

https://github.com/egoroof/deezer-decoder ; 

https://github.com/Ghostfly/deezDL; 

https://github.com/Hopfengetraenk/DeezerDownload;

https://github.com/michaellocher/node-deezer-api; 

https://github.com/dpatrongomez/deedown-server; 

https://github.com/Hopfengetraenk/DeezerDownload; 

[repository removed by owner]; 

https://github.com/noneedsystem/deezerio; 

https://github.com/alex2844/deez; 

https://github.com/bpascard/pyitunes-sync; 

https://github.com/TripleFrequency/AthamePlugin.Deezer; 

https://github.com/rusty-dev/mopidy-deezer; 

https://github.com/markbaas/congabonga-deezer; 

https://github.com/C-Higgins/Deezloader ; 

https://github.com/spencercharest/dz-downloader; 

https://github.com/dpatrongomez/DeeDown; 

https://github.com/gelomon/deez ;

https://github.com/rockeek/Deezit; 

https://github.com/Smertos/deezbot;

https://github.com/manojmkhanna/musique-web; 

https://github.com/alaneos777/StarSong; 

https://github.com/van4oza/test_server.

I therefore ask that you immediately take down the projects corresponding
to the URLs below and all of the related forks by others members who have
had access or even contributed to such projects.

The above is a brief description of the violations at stake, and is not
meant to be a complete statement of our company's prejudice, rights and
remedies in connection with the subject matter of this email. All such
rights and remedies are expressly reserved, including the rights and
remedies of our licensors on the music tracks.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

I look forward hearing from you promptly.

Sincerely,

[private]

Legal & Business Affairs Department
12 rue d'Athènes, 75009 PARIS, FRANCE
<http://www.deezer.com/>
