Dear GitHub Copyright Agent,            September 25, 2017

I previously sent you a request to remove proprietary and copyrighted
material belonging to Cambridge Mobile, Ltd. (“Cambridge”).  I have
found additional copies of the same material and request that it also be
taken down. There has not been any response from SVOX AG which has
falsely attributed my source code to themselves.  SVOX AG has included
their address in the file: [private].

Federal law requires expeditious removal of the infringing material or
liability accrues for the failure to remove the material. I renew my
request that the proprietary and copyrighted material belonging to
Cambridge be removed.

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

[1] I am a person injured, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of a
person injured by a violation of the U.S. Copyright laws, in particular
section 501 of Title 17 of the United States Code, commonly referred to
as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or "DMCA";

[2] I May Be Contacted At:

Name of Injured Party : Cambridge Mobile, Ltd.

Name and Title: [private]

Company: Cambridge Mobile, Ltd.

Address: [private]

City, State, and Zip: [private]

Email address: [private]

Telephone: [private]

[3] I have a good faith belief that the user-posted repositories
identified by the URLs below are unlawful because, among other issues,
the content constitutes unauthorized copying and distribution of
portions of Cambridge's World Bench, constitutes confidential
information, and a violation of the copyright. Although the file,
com_svox_picottsengine.cpp, bears an attribution to SVOX AG in
2008-2009, it contains copyrighted source code written years earlier by
me and licensed to Cambridge. I am the author of the claimed work and no
portion of this work was assigned or licensed to SVOX AG. Accordingly,
the content infringes Cambridge’s rights under the federal copyright
laws, including the DMCA and Copyright Act. I have read and understand
GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

[4] Reason:

Content Type: World Bench

Violation(s): Copyright Infringement

[5] Please act expeditiously to remove the content found at the
following repositories and related forks:
https://github.com/ADVAN-ELAA-34207421/external_svox/blob/android-6.0.1_2.1.0/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/wangshawn/svox/blob/master/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/Omegaphora/external_svox/blob/lp5.1/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/PDi-Communication-Systems-Inc/lollipop_external_svox/blob/master/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/CopperheadOS/platform_external_svox/blob/oreo-r3-release/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/sostk/android_external_svox/blob/marshmallow-mr2-release/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/AOSP-JF-MM/platform_external_svox/blob/aosp-7.1.2/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/geekboxzone/mmallow_external_svox/blob/geekbox/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/nDroidProject/android_external_svox/blob/nDroid-1.6/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/AscendToDev/android_external_svox/blob/n/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/geekboxzone/lollipop_external_svox/blob/geekbox/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/RSB4760/apq8016_external_svox/blob/LA.BR.1.2.7-01010-8x16_advan/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/choose-a/android_external_svox/blob/choose-8.0/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/F0rth/go-picotts/blob/master/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/khadas/android_external_svox/blob/Vim/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/CredenceID/tab_external_svox/blob/imx_M6.0.1_1.0.0_cidgen3/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/omnirom/android_external_svox/blob/android-7.1/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/quanganh2627/bytm-x64-L-w05-2015_external_svox/blob/w05/2015-bytm-crb-x64-5.0.1/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/nlphacker/android_external_svox/blob/nDroid-1.6/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  
https://github.com/Tor-OS/platform_external_svox/blob/nougat-mr0.5-release/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp  

[6] I have a good faith belief that the distribution of the content
listed above is not authorized by law; and

[7] Under penalty of perjury, I swear that the information in this
notice is accurate.

Thank you for your kind assistance.

Truthfully,

/s/ [private], Cambridge Mobile, Ltd.
