Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright  
owner's behalf?   
  
yes  
  
2.Please provide a detailed description of the original copyrighted work  
that has allegedly been infringed. If possible, include a URL to where  
it is posted online.  
  
www.t4c.com, www.the4thcoming.com, t4cbible.com  
  
3.What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or  
if the entire repository, the repository's  
URL:  
  
http://github.com/t4cRebirth, http://github.com/t4cRebirth/Client,  
http://github.com/t4cRebirth/Server  
  
4.Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or  
repositories? Each fork is a distinct repository and must be identified  
separately if you believe it is infringing and wish to have it taken  
down.  
  
yes  
5.Is the work licensed under an open source license? If so, which open  
source license? Are the allegedly infringing files being used under the  
open source license, or are they in violation of the license?   
  
this  
product does not have open source project source code is not for public  
use.  
  
6.What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are  
there specific changes the other person can make other than removal?  
  
this is intellectual property removal is a must.  
  
7.Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please  
provide it:   
  
no  
  
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials  
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the  
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into  
consideration.  
  
I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this  
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am  
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is  
allegedly infringed.  
  
Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a  
DMCA Takedown Notice:  
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/  
  
yes  
  
Mailing address:  
[private]  
Telephone number:  
[private]  
  
[private]  
