Copyright infringement notice

1. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

2. Identify the copyrighted work:  
I contributed the copyrighted work to
https://git.wikimedia.org/tree/mediawiki%2Fextensions%2FTitleBlacklist and
licensed it under the GNU General Public License 2.0, which has specific
requirements for reusers and other collaborators.

3. Identify the material that you allege is infringing the copyrighted work:  
PHP code I have contributed under the GNU General Public License 2.0
(GPLv2) has been uploaded to https://github.com/thetechexpert/poseidon
without containing the necessary requirements outlined in the GPL. All
copyright information and licensing terms have been removed. Changes made
to the code have not been stated as required by the GNU General Public
License; therefore, the code located at the aforementioned location is in
violation of the license and I am requesting its removal.

4. What the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the
infringement:  
The user would need to add the necessary copyright notices, attribution,
and other requirements as outlined in the GNU General Public License.

5. Contact information:  
[private]

6. Contact information for the alleged infringer GitHub username:  
thetechexpert (https://github.com/thetechexpert)

7. I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

8. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

Signed,  
[private]  
July 21, 2015
