Dear Sirs,

I am writing to you on behalf of Outfit7 Limited, a UK multinational
entertainment company, headquartered in Cyprus.

Our Senior developer stumbled upon content in ten repositories (1(a)-(j)
below) on GitHub that we believe are violating our IP rights, more
specifically- our copyrights.

1(a). Infringing content information

Link to the repository that contains infringing material:

https://github.com/codinggirl/TomCat


We believe that the visual assets (animations and images) in the repository
are infringing.

At the link below you may find content, directly copied from our mobile
application Talking Tom.

Link to the folder that contains infringements of our trademarks:

https://github.com/codinggirl/TomCat/tree/b40c01574124efddffda6b20a96a4c161a3e5124/TomCat(%E8%87%AA%E5%8A%A8%E5%B8%83%E5%B1%80%2C%20%E7%9C%8B%E7%9D%80%E5%A5%BD%E4%B8%91%2C%E6%9C%89%E5%BE%85%E8%B0%83%E6%95%B4)/TomCat/Animations

https://github.com/codinggirl/TomCat/tree/b40c01574124efddffda6b20a96a4c161a3e5124/TomCat(%E8%87%AA%E5%8A%A8%E5%B8%83%E5%B1%80%2C%20%E7%9C%8B%E7%9D%80%E5%A5%BD%E4%B8%91%2C%E6%9C%89%E5%BE%85%E8%B0%83%E6%95%B4)/TomCat/Images.xcassets/Buttons

All subfolders contain infringing material.

Publisher information

Name of the publisher: codinggirl

Link to publishers profile:

https://github.com/codinggirl

1(b). Infringing content information

Link to the repository that contains infringing material:

https://github.com/Ennnnnn7/Tom

We believe that the visual assets (animations and images) in the repository
are infringing.

At the link below you may find content, directly copied from our mobile
application Talking Tom.

Link to the folder that contains infringements of our trademarks:

https://github.com/Ennnnnn7/Tom/tree/52e8a5ecc24e92868b4075890cd2ad84dad5997a/Tom/%E6%B1%A4%E5%A7%86%E7%8C%AB

All subfolders contain infringing material.

Publisher information

Name of the publisher: Ennnnnn7

Link to publishers profile:

https://github.com/Ennnnnn7

1(c). Infringing content information

Link to the repository that contains infringing material:

https://github.com/mn8426513/17-tom-

We believe that the visual assets (animations and images) in the repository
are infringing.

At the link below you may find content, directly copied from our mobile
application Talking Tom.

Link to the folder that contains infringements of our trademarks:

https://github.com/mn8426513/17-tom-/tree/db57db4c42c23205c95eff73f5ce0ce0187bf510/17-tom%E7%8C%AB%E7%95%8C%E9%9D%A2%E7%A8%8B%E5%BA%8F/Resource

All subfolders contain infringing material.

Publisher information

Name of the publisher: mn8426513

Link to publishers profile:

https://github.com/mn8426513

1(d). Infringing content information

Link to the repository that contains infringing material:

https://github.com/inoname/Swift-Tomcat

We believe that the visual assets (animations and images) in the repository
are infringing.

At the link below you may find content, directly copied from our mobile
application Talking Tom.

Link to the folder that contains infringements of our trademarks:

https://github.com/inoname/Swift-Tomcat/tree/143cadd6706731e9ca73301aa1144804b00cff2d/Swift-TomCat/Swift-TomCat

All subfolders contain infringing material.

Publisher information

Name of the publisher: inoname

Link to publishers profile:

https://github.com/inoname

1(e). Infringing content information

Link to the repository that contains infringing material:

https://github.com/azliqiang/iOS

We believe that the visual assets (animations and images) in the repository
are infringing.

At the link below you may find content, directly copied from our mobile
application Talking Tom.

Link to the folder that contains infringements of our trademarks:

https://github.com/azliqiang/iOS/tree/7c8576181654cca983807616aa6ce582075295cf/iOS_day03/02_TomCat/TomCat/%E6%B1%A4%E5%A7%86%E7%8C%AB

All subfolders contain infringing material.

Publisher information

Name of the publisher: azliqiang

Link to publishers profile:

https://github.com/azliqiang

1(f). Infringing content information

Link to the repository that contains infringing material:

https://github.com/ixp9891/origin

We believe that the visual assets (animations and images) in the repository
are infringing.

At the link below you may find content, directly copied from our mobile
application Talking Tom.

Link to the folder that contains infringements of our trademarks:

https://github.com/ixp9891/origin/tree/1f1416265ead1083d27faf12a6d2872b00a6c854/UIKit_CZB/UIKit_CZB

All subfolders contain infringing material.

Publisher information

Name of the publisher: ixp9891

Link to publishers profile:

https://github.com/ixp9891

1(g). Infringing content information

Link to the repository that contains infringing material:

https://github.com/chehao1992/HM-03_Tom

We believe that the visual assets (animations and images) in the repository
are infringing.

At the link below you may find content, directly copied from our mobile
application Talking Tom.

Link to the folder that contains infringements of our trademarks:

https://github.com/chehao1992/HM-03_Tom/tree/bee480e0d774807cc5d4ab505d40b5eed92d6b27/HM-03_Tom

All subfolders contain infringing material.

Publisher information

Name of the publisher: /chehao1992

Link to publishers profile:

https://github.com/chehao1992

1(h). Infringing content information

Link to the repository that contains infringing material:

https://github.com/logy-bai/learning-ios

We believe that the visual assets (animations and images) in the repository
are infringing.

At the link below you may find content, directly copied from our mobile
application Talking Tom.

Link to the folder that contains infringements of our trademarks:

https://github.com/logy-bai/learning-ios/tree/8abd1e773b6f7c7ac3986738394d7292b4cc988e/05CatTom/05CatTom/Resource

All subfolders contain infringing material.

Publisher information

Name of the publisher: logy-bai

Link to publishers profile:

https://github.com/logy-bai

1(i). Infringing content information

Link to the repository that contains infringing material:

https://github.com/MaoCuiwen/TomCat

We believe that the visual assets (animations and images) in the repository
are infringing.

At the link below you may find content, directly copied from our mobile
application Talking Tom.

Link to the folder that contains infringements of our trademarks:

https://github.com/MaoCuiwen/TomCat/tree/4a423a5a14eb2d94ac536254266c02af4f7ff4bc/TomCat

All subfolders contain infringing material.

Publisher information

Name of the publisher: MaoCuiwen

Link to publishers profile:

https://github.com/MaoCuiwen

1(j). Infringing content information

Link to the repository that contains infringing material:

https://github.com/yaoBen/tomCat

We believe that the visual assets (animations and images) in the repository
are infringing.

At the link below you may find content, directly copied from our mobile
application Talking Tom.

Link to the folder that contains infringements of our trademarks:

https://github.com/yaoBen/tomCat/tree/af84357d7cd82293fe4d2d7e873e8d05b32bfcfc/TomCat/TomCat

All subfolders contain infringing material.

Publisher information

Name of the publisher: yaoBen

Link to publishers profile:

https://github.com/yaoBen

2. Copyrighted work information

Below is the description of the copyrighted work.

Cat character (Talking Tom): it's stylized design of a gray and white cat
with a pink nose and lips, gray ears, green, black and white eyes and white
whiskers.

The background is in brownish color with old-styled brick-design background
with a green-sprayed inscription ”CATS ROCK”. In the background there are
also black garbage baskets with gray flooring.

The following copyrighted work is being infringed:

Talking Tom:
- Talking Tom- Mobile application (Registration number R – 089/14)
- Talking Tom- Figure of the cat (Registration number R – 092/14)

The work has been registered with AAS- Copyright Agency of Slovenia in
Ljubljana.

We would kindly like to ask you to remove the infringing content and
suspend the user’s account, since he has been continuously violating our IP
rights.

3. Description of copyright infringement

The publisher's repository- with the use of an identical unauthorized
virtual cat character as well as every other visual part contained in the
repository folder- causes average customers to believe that such content is
authorized by Outfit7 Limited.

Regarding the fact that Outfit7 Limited has more than 2,8 billion downloads
worldwide and more than 230 million monthly active users, and that
marketing for Talking Tom mobile app was mostly conducted with internal
marketing, it is safe to say that most users connect Talking Tom mobile
application with Outfit7 Limited.

The app was first published on iTunes, on June 26th 2010 and entered Google
Play on November 3rd 2011.

4. Statements

- I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

- I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

- I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

- I confirm that I have investigated each individual case and that my
sworn statements apply to each identified fork.

5. [private] (Brand Protection Manager)

on behalf of

*Outfit7 Limited*

[private]

Kind Regards,

[private]
