Dear GitHub Copyright Agent, April 3, 2015

Recently, I sent you a request to remove proprietary and copyrighted
material belonging to Cambridge Mobile, Ltd. (“Cambridge”). I have found
additional copies of the same material and request that it also be taken
down. There has not been any response from SVOX AG which has falsely
attributed my source code to themselves. SVOX AG has included their
address in the file: Baslerstr. 30, 8048 Zuerich, Switzerland. Federal
law requires expeditious removal of the infringing material or liability
accrues for the failure to remove the material. I renew my request that
the proprietary and copyrighted material belonging to Cambridge be removed.

I, the undersigned, state UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY that:

[1] I am a person injured, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of a
person injured by a violation of the U.S. Copyright laws, in particular
section 501 of Title 17 of the United States Code, commonly referred to
as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, or "DMCA";

[2] I May Be Contacted At:

Name of Injured Party : Cambridge Mobile, Ltd.

Name and Title: [private]

Company: Cambridge Mobile, Ltd.

[private]

[3] I have a good faith belief that the user-posted repositories
identified by the URLs below are unlawful because, among other issues,
the content constitutes

unauthorized copying and distribution of portions of Cambridge's World
Bench, constitutes confidential information, and a violation of the
copyright. Although the

file, com_svox_picottsengine.cpp , bears an attribution to SVOX AG in
2008-2009, it contains copyrighted source code written years earlier by
me and assigned to

Cambridge. I am the author of the claimed work and no portion of this
work was assigned or licensed to SVOX AG. Accordingly, the content
infringes Cambridge’s rights

under the federal copyright laws, including the DMCA and Copyright Act.
I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

[4] Reason:

Content Type: World Bench

Violation(s): Copyright Infringement

[5] Please act expeditiously to remove the content found at the
following repositories and related forks:

https://github.com/Barbers/lemaker_android/blob/faeef4117ed467e60aed45e182f36447d7cfd704/android/external/svox/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp

https://github.com/winters419/OHA-Android-2.3.7_r1.0/blob/2aa03451c9ef9001cea3456ba8dab8be7d85ca2d/external/svox/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp

https://github.com/ccjimmy/platform_external/blob/f987c677014ed7063c34ab54b413fd8fba9f7bbc/svox/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp

https://github.com/orangepi-xunlong/orangepi_android/blob/faeef4117ed467e60aed45e182f36447d7cfd704/android/external/svox/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp

https://github.com/noritsuna/android-AR-controller/blob/553c2dab331ca3d3b6f77af52bb2066c7ef8261b/external/svox/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp

https://github.com/treejames/froyo/blob/2bd81649a484031f89f10d9bba2673f0636c24aa/external/svox/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp

https://github.com/guofangqiang/gingerbread/blob/9bc6d194fe245cc53a927d2a1f48d887ef8a219c/external/svox/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp

https://github.com/Tomaszm700/BananaPi-Android-liab/blob/adc3d2ffff287058800b495fd59053e3e80a7dcd/android/external/svox/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp

https://github.com/juanxincai521/android-5.0.0_r5/blob/a5a229ee44da56a320af7ee01919ad88430e543c/external/svox/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp

https://github.com/fraggel/mt6572_x201/blob/26d24ea9414d253e4b17f605bee527d8706820b7/external/svox/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp

https://github.com/udinsaputra/CM9/blob/aa1b718ac77815670697105a1ad3a95ce600a01e/external/svox/pico/tts/com_svox_picottsengine.cpp

[6] I have a good faith belief that the distribution of the content
listed above is not authorized by law; and

[7] Under penalty of perjury, I swear that the information in this
notice is accurate.

Thank you for your kind assistance.

Truthfully,

/s/[private], Cambridge Mobile, Ltd.
