AlgoTrader DMCA Counter-Notice

1. I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Counter
Notice.

2. The repository located at:
https://github.com/curtiszimmerman/AlgoTrader.git

3. Email address: [private]  
Name: [private]  
Telephone Numer: [private]  
Physical Address: [private]  

4. I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good-faith belief that
the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or
misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.

5. I consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial
district in which my address is located (if in the United States, otherwise
the Northern District of California where GitHub is located), and I will
accept service of process from the person who provided the DMCA
notification or an agent of such person.

  Additionally, I believe the DMCA was improperly filed, because the
repository in question is open source code licensed for distribution under
the GPLv2. With respect to that claim, I am providing the following quotes
from AlgoTrader documentation (with links in case the documentation is
removed, as it appears the AlgoTrader creators are trying to re-license
their GPLv2-licensed code for commercial gain):

  a. (From http://www.algotrader.ch/): "AlgoTrader ... Unlike other
algorithmic trading platforms, it has a robust, open-source architecture"

  b. (From http://fidata.org/en/existing_products): "AlgoTrader ...
License: GPLv2 ... Source: open."

  c. (From
http://community.trading-gurus.com/threads/135-The-Pros-and-Cons-of-AlgoTrader
and written by an AlgoTrader developer: "I'm a member of the AlgoTrader
development team"): "AlgoTrader is a new open source trading platform" ...
"Pros ... 3. Because of #2 it uses the GPL 2.0 open source licence. If
you're a fan of LGPL this might be con #2 of course."

6. I hereby sign this document electronically. Signed, [private]
