LA ROCHE FINANCIAL GROUP, INC

AgarscentsBazaar

113 W G St # 625

San Diego, CA 92101-6096

Contact Name: [private]

Contact: [private]

Phone: [private]

Contact information for the alleged infringer:

[private]

Skype : [private]

https://github.com/KevinRobert

[private]

To Whom It May Concern,

I am the owner with the copyright of Agarscents Bazaarâ€™s Work . As the
copyright owner, I have a number of exclusive rights under the Copyright
Act 1968 (Cth). These exclusive rights include the right to reproduce the
Work, and to publish and communicate the Work to the public (including by
way of sale, broadcast or putting the Work online). It is an infringement
of the copyright to do any of the acts comprised in the copyright in
relation to the whole or a substantial part of the Work, or to authorize
such an act, without the permission or license of the copyright owner.

It has come to my attention that these exclusive rights are being violated
by material available upon your site at:

https://github.com/KevinRobert/spree-commerce-ynnik/tree/fc811a03a8b48d87590494f766266ba12b5e42f2

As this user have failed to seek permission or a license from me to do so,
your conduct described above constitutes infringement of my rights of
copyright. To rectify this situation, I require that you immediately stop
infringing my copyright by deleting the full repo below.

https://github.com/KevinRobert/spree-commerce-ynnik/tree/fc811a03a8b48d87590494f766266ba12b5e42f2

After having investigated and analyzed the Works of the repository, i
believe that the full project

https://github.com/KevinRobert/spree-commerce-ynnik/tree/fc811a03a8b48d87590494f766266ba12b5e42f2

is infringing from our Bitbucket private repository created in 2015 :
[private] This repo is private;
if you need access, please provide your email for read access

Here are a few individual examples of allegedly infringing Work below:

https://github.com/KevinRobert/spree-commerce-ynnik/blob/fc811a03a8b48d87590494f766266ba12b5e42f2/app/assets/images/AGAR-MUSK-CAMBODI-3.jpg

from our site :

https://www.agarscentsbazaar.com/products/agar-musk-cambodi-3ml-natural-musk-perfume?locale=en

https://github.com/KevinRobert/spree-commerce-ynnik/blob/fc811a03a8b48d87590494f766266ba12b5e42f2/app/assets/images/AmbergrisDOrient.jpg

from our site:

https://www.agarscentsbazaar.com/products/ambergris-d-orient-natural-perfume-3-ml?locale=en

https://github.com/KevinRobert/spree-commerce-ynnik/blob/master/config/locales/en.yml

from our site:

https://www.agarscentsbazaar.com/?locale=en

I have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into
consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed upon.

I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I can be reached at the email address and phone number above to discuss
this matter further. Please remove the copyrighted materials as soon as
reasonably practicable.

Best Regards,

[private]

113 W G ST # 625

San Diego, CA 92101-6096
