This is a DMCA takedown notice.

I am authorized to act on behalf of the copyright holder, The California
Institute of Technology [Caltech]. [private] of Caltech's Office of the
General Counsel is copied on this email.

The work infringed is *The Feynman Lecture on Physics *[FLP]*.* It is under
copyright by Caltech and currently licensed for duplication and
distribution exclusively by publisher Basic Books. Here are some URLs for
FLP, including the online edition, Basic Books FLP page, and Amazon's FLP
page:

http://www.feynmanlectures.caltech.edu  
http://www.basicbooks.com/full-details?isbn=9780465023820  
https://www.amazon.com/Feynman-Lectures-Physics-boxed-set/dp/0465023827/

There are four infringing files: a PDF file that includes a copy of all
three volumes of FLP, and three DJVU files each of which includes a copy of
one volume of FLP. The same files can be found illegally distributed on
many file-sharing sites and in torrents. The infringing files can be
downloaded from the following GitHub URLs:

https://github.com/oconnor663/cooper_pair_box/blob/master/lab/Feynman%20Lectures%20on%20Physics%20%20Volumes%201%2C2%2C3%20-%20Feynman%2C%20Leighton%20and%20Sands.pdf

https://github.com/oconnor663/cooper_pair_box/blob/master/lab/Feynman%20R.P.%2CLeyton%20%20R.B.%2C%20Sands%20%20R.B.%20-%20Lectures%20on%20physics.%20Vol.%201.djvu

https://github.com/oconnor663/cooper_pair_box/blob/master/lab/Feynman%20R.P.%2CLeyton%20%20R.B.%2C%20Sands%20%20R.B.%20-%20Lectures%20on%20physics.%20Vol.%202.djvu

https://github.com/oconnor663/cooper_pair_box/blob/master/lab/Feynman%20R.P.%2CLeyton%20%20R.B.%2C%20Sands%20%20R.B.%20-%20Lectures%20on%20physics.%20Vol.%203.djvu

FLP is not under an open source license.
FLP is under copyright and may not be reproduced or distributed in whole or
in part without permission of the copyright holder or their licensees. No
such permission or license has been granted for any copy of FLP on any of
GitHub's servers, including all those listed above. The only solution for
these numerous infringements is to remove all of the infringing files from
GitHub's servers.

I do not have any personal contact information for the infringers. The
infringer's GitHub username is included in the GitHub links above. For
clarity, it is:

- oconnor663

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that has
been infringed.

I confirm that I have read your Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice:
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/,
and I have followed all the instructions in your guide to the best of my
ability.

I can be reached by email at [private], or by phone at [private]

I hereby sign,  
[private]  
The California Institute of Technology
