Dear To Whom It May Concern,

I am writing this email to submit a DMCA Takedown Notice on a repository
that is essentially forked from my past repository. I have read and
understand GitHub's Guide to filing a DMCA notice. I am an active user
(etaylor5) of GitHub and publish code to many repositories. While in
school, I published some of my code from courses I took at the University
of Maryland for employers to view during their hiring process. However,
after receiving an email about 2 years ago from the Computer Science
department about students finding my solutions online and using them to
cheat, I removed my repository.

Recently, I received another email stating that students are still finding
my solutions to cheat and I was provided with the following link:
https://github.com/wdefinba/Coding-Samples. This link brings me to another
user (wdefinba) who had forked my repository (Coding-Samples) before it was
deleted 2 years ago. As far as I can tell and after looking around, this is
the only fork of my deleted repository that exists. After looking through
the repository itself, there are no changes from the deleted repository.

The entire repository is infringing my copyrighted work because students
are taking it as their own. Due to the fact that the repository is forked,
deleting my repository did not solve the problem as wdefinba would have to
delete the forked repository to completely remedy the infringement. I have
tried contacting wdefinba but I have not received a response and I believe
this user is no longer active. I am sending this report because if students
continue to use my solutions, not only will they be jeopardizing their
academic integrity, but I will be as well. I wish for no one to jeopardize
their professional life by using my solutions.

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.

I would like to thank you for looking into this matter. I can be contacted
by any method listed below.

[private]  
Email: [private]  
Telephone: [private]  
Address: [private]  

Thank you,

[private]  
