__Are you the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright 
owner's behalf?__

yes I'm the owner

__What work was allegedly infringed? If possible, please provide a URL:__

http://www.mathemainzel.info/files/x86asmref.html

__What files should be taken down? Please provide URLs for each file, or 
if the entire repository, the repository's URL:__

https://github.com/wireghoul/sploit-dev/blob/master/x86asmref.html

__Have you searched for any forks of the allegedly infringing files or 
repositories?__

no

__Is the work licensed under an open source license?__

definitely no

__What would be the best solution for the alleged infringement? Are there 
specific changes the other person can make other than removal?__

no

__Do you have the alleged infringer's contact information? If so, please 
provide it:__

no

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I have a good faith 
belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the 
infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its 
agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration."__

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials 
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the 
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into 
consideration.

__Type (or copy and paste) the following statement: "I swear, under 
penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is 
accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on 
behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."__

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this 
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am 
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is 
allegedly infringed.

__Please confirm that you have you have read our Guide to Submitting a 
DMCA Takedown Notice: 
https://help.github.com/articles/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice/__

I confirm

__So that we can get back to you, please provide either your telephone 
number or physical address:__

[Private]

__Please type your full legal name below to sign this request:__

[Private]
