To DMCA Complaints Administrator:

I am the authorized representative of Viber Media S.à r.l. (“Viber”).

This is to advise you that Github currently has infringing content posted
at the following links:

https://github.com/wku/ViberDesktop/network/members

[image: Inline image 1]

Viber is the exclusive owner of all of the copyrights in and to the Viber
app, which includes the code found here https://github.com/wku/ViberDesktop

This letter is official notification under *Section 512(c)*
<http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512> of the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the removal of the
aforementioned infringing material from the applicable servers. I further
request that you immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform
them of their duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and
notify them to cease any further posting of infringing material in the
future.

Please also be advised that the law requires you, as a service provider, to
remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this
notice. Under U.S. law a service provider enjoys immunity from a copyright
lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to investigate and
rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service providers do not
investigate and remove or disable the infringing material this immunity is
lost. Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a copyright
infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately remove or
otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with all due
speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply immediately.

*I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice*

I am providing this notice in good faith and with the reasonable belief
that the use of the material in the manner complained of herein is not
authorized by Viber, or the law and that the rights of Viber are being
infringed. Under penalty of perjury, I certify that the information
contained in the notification is both true and accurate to the best of my
knowledge, and I have the authority to act on behalf of Viber, the owner of
the copyrights involved.

Should you wish to discuss this with me, please contact me directly. My
contact details are set forth below.

Otherwise, please send me a prompt response that the infringing material
has been taken down.

Thank you.

[private]

[private]|Viber.com

[private]
