My name is [private] and I am the [private] of Mcservers INC.

photos and website code was copied onto your servers without permission.
This was a developer that has been freelanced to develop our website 2
years ago and has gone suddenly gone rouge once again releasing our website
developed and copyrighted by our organisation. The original Photos, website
code & backend API code to which we own the exclusive copyrights, can be
found at:

https://cityprison.net/

The unauthorized and infringing copy can be found at:

*https://github.com/LukeXF/CityPrison*

This letter is official notification under *Section 512(c)*
<http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512> of the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”), and I seek the removal of the
aforementioned infringing material from your servers. I request that you
immediately notify the infringer of this notice and inform them of their
duty to remove the infringing material immediately, and notify them to
cease any further posting of infringing material to your server in the
future.

Please also be advised that law requires you, as a service provider, to
remove or disable access to the infringing materials upon receiving this
notice. Under US law a service provider, such as yourself, enjoys immunity
from a copyright lawsuit provided that you act with deliberate speed to
investigate and rectify ongoing copyright infringement. If service
providers do not investigate and remove or disable the infringing material
this immunity is lost. Therefore, in order for you to remain immune from a
copyright infringement action you will need to investigate and ultimately
remove or otherwise disable the infringing material from your servers with
all due speed should the direct infringer, your client, not comply
immediately.

I am providing this notice in good faith and with the reasonable belief
that rights my company owns are being infringed. Under penalty of perjury I
certify that the information contained in the notification is both true and
accurate, and I have the authority to act on behalf of the owner of the
copyright(s) involved.

Should you wish to discuss this with me please contact me directly.

Thank you.

/s/[private]  

[private]    
[private]  
[private]  

(please keep personal information redacted from the public dmca repo)

(We did read the DMCA takedown process, and our first DMCA with GitHub went
through without requiring it)

*I have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.*
