Dear Sir or Madam:

I, the undersigned, state under penalty of perjury that: Onsist represents
Medium Rare (hereinafter, "Our Client") in intellectual property and
litigation matters. Our Client has recently learned that the content at the
following URL(s) (hereinafter, "Listed URL(s)") is sold illegally by your
client emmotivity.com, and the URL(s) are distributing materials that
violate copyright laws, and/or contributes to and induces copyright
infringement:

https://www.emmotivity.com/item/partner-accounting-and-law-template-74

emmotivity.com uses CloudFlare's service that prevents us from locating your
client's IP address. CloudFlare's email is attached to this email for your
reference and CloudFlare has also send an email to your abuse department.

The contents that are being sold illegally is a paid theme for Wordpress
designed and created by Our Client. You view the original selling page here:
http://themeforest.net/item/partner-accounting-and-law-template-with-variant-page-builder/15595049 Our Client has not authorized emmotivity.com to sell
or share their theme and requests that you or the administrator of
emmotivity.com remove the page located at the Listed URL from emmotivity.com
immediately.

This unauthorized distribution constitutes copyright infringement under the
U.S. Copyright Act. Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. 512(c), including other
International Copyright Laws. This letter serves as actual notice of
infringement. We hereby demand you to immediately and permanently cease and
desist the unauthorized distribution of the copyrighted material located at
the Listed URL.

We will use all means possible including injunctions and recovery of
attorney's fees, costs and any and all other damages which are incurred by
Our Client as a result of any action that is commenced against you. Our
Client prefers to resolve this matter without taking legal action, but it is
prepared to file a lawsuit if necessary to protect its rights and business.
You may avoid legal action by removing the infringing content from your
service immediately.

We have a good faith basis that the content at the Listed URL(s) is an
infringement of Our Client's rights under copyright law, including but not
limited to the DMCA, and that the infringing content is authorized by
neither Our Client nor the law.

Our Client requests that you or the administrator of emmotivity.com
immediately take down the web content located at the Listed URL(s).

Finally, the information in this notice is accurate. If you have any
questions, please contact me at the email address or phone number listed
below.

Sincerely,

[private]

Onsist

Edisonstraat 23

2811 EM Reeuwijk

The Netherlands

Phone: [private]

Email: [private]
