To whom it may concern:

It has come to our attention that a former contractor has wrongfully posted
copyrighted material exclusively owned by our client, UL LLC ("UL"). Our
company, Wayfinder LLC, has been retained by UL to create an iOS application
name LightSmartT.

We are writing to request the termination of the user account 'NO-WAYFINDER'
and the removal of all offending content associated with this account at
your earliest convenience. The account holder has no right to post or claim
this content as his own.

The copyrighted work includes all source code and materials (graphics, text,
images, etc.) associated with LightSmartT by UL - an application for iPad
and iPhone. This app is currently available in the Apple App Store at
<http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/lightsmart/id491362350?mt=8>. This work has
been wrongfully posted to the following account:

<https://github.com/NO-WAYFINDER>

Furthermore, the following posts contain the offending materials:

<https://github.com/NO-WAYFINDER/LIGHTSMART>

The code for this app (LightSmartT) was wrongfully posted by a contractor
hired to create a section of the app noted above. The contractor, [private],
opened an account in our name and posted the code to
<https://github.com/NO-WAYFINDER>. The design, code, images, text and all
related materials were created by other parties and this individual has no
right to claim the materials as his own.

You can contact me directly via any of the following methods:

[private]

The copyrighted work has been wrongfully posted to
<https://github.com/NO-WAYFINDER/LIGHTSMART>. We believe the individual can be
contacted via the following email addresses and phone number:

[private]

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described
above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner,
or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification
is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on
behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or require
any additional information. We look forward to resolving this issue at your
earliest convenience.

Best,

[private]

Please accept this as my authorized digital signature

[private] > Wayfinder, LLC

[private]
