Good morning --

I was surprised to have received notice of a DMCA takedown complain from
GitHub last night, and I am writing to dispute the claim.

The code that I wrote and that you have temporarily removed from GitHub is
wholly based on fundamental, widely-understood concepts and data
structures, all of which have been well-documented in the literature. The
code leverages non-proprietary, commonly used Python features and idioms
best suited to (that is, most "Pythonic" for) implementing those concepts
and data structures. And the code was and is authored solely by me (with
the exception of a small change contributed to the documentation by a third
party on GitHub under the terms of the code's BSD license). * *

*Every line of code in the repository is my own, was written from scratch,
modified and updated on my own time, and done without affiliation with any
other individual or company.* In particular, I did not copy a single line
of code from any known Bank of America copyrighted or otherwise proprietary
material, and any and all similarities between my code and the code they
claim a copyright for is purely coincidental and unintentional.

In response to the DMCA takedown notice, thus, I assert the following:

(1) My name is [private], and this constitutes an electronic signature
for this document.

(2) The material whose takedown notice I am disputing is located at
www.github.com/adamdonahue/nodes.

(3) I assert in good faith that the material was removed as a result of a
mistake or misidentification on the part of Bank of America.

(4) My contact information is as follows: [private]

(5) I consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the
judicial district of California, and if my address is outside of the United
States, for any judicial district in which GitHub may be found, and that I
will accept service of process from the person who provided notification or
an agent of such person.

Thank you for your time, and I look forward to continuing to use GitHub for
my open source development efforts.

Best regards,

[private]
