To Github DMCA compliance department; Please find below a
list of material removed by you pursuant to 17 U.S.C. Section 512.
github.com/pluspluspack/PlusPlusPack

I have a good faith belief that this material was removed or disabled in
error as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material. The
complainant has provided no copyright registration information or other
tangible evidence that the material in question is in fact copyrighted, and
I have a good faith belief that it is not. The allegation of copyright
violation is therefore in dispute, and at present unsupported. Our use of
the material is legally protected because it falls within the "fair use"
provision of the copyright regulations, as defined in 17 USC 107.

If the complainant disagrees that this is fair use, they are free to take
up the matter with us directly, in the courts. You, the ISP, are under no
obligation to settle this dispute, or to take any action to restrict our
speech at the behest of this complainant. Furthermore, siding with the
complainant in a manner that interferes with my lawful use of your
facilities and could constitute breach of contract on your part. I declare
that this is true and accurate under penalty of perjury under the laws of
the United States of America.

For the purposes of this matter, I consent to the jurisdiction of the
Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the service
provider may be found. I also consent to service by the person providing
notification under Section 512(c)(1)(C) or that personâ€™s agent. However, by
this letter, I do not waive any other rights, including the ability to
pursue an action for the removal or disabling of access to this material,
if wrongful. Having complied with the requirements of Section 512(g)(3), I
remind you that you must now replace the blocked or removed material and
cease disabling access to it within fourteen business days of your receipt
of this notice. Please notify me when this has been done. I appreciate your
prompt attention to this matter. If you have any questions about this
notice, please do not hesitate to contact me.

The following shall serve as electronic signature.

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]

[private]
